
The following terms and conditions govern all use of the felgo.com website or a 
related sub-website (the "Website") and all content, services, features, 
activities and products available at or through the Website, including but not 
limited to the provided software ("Software" or "Felgo SDK") and, together with 
all other content, services, features, activities and products available 
through the Website (the "Services"), including but not limited to the 
developer portal ("Developer Area"). The term "You" or "Your" includes any of 
Your subsidiaries, affiliates, employees. The Services are owned and operated 
by FELGO GmbH (also referred to as "FELGO", "we", "our" or "us"). Please read 
these Terms of Use carefully before using the Software or Services.

BY USING OR ACCESSING THE SOFTWARE AND SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE 
TERMS OF USE AND ALL TERMS, POLICIES AND GUIDELINES INCORPORATED IN THE TERMS 
OF USE BY REFERENCE. BY USING OR ACCESSING THE SOFTWARE AND SERVICES, YOU 
CERTIFY THAT YOU ARE OF THE LEGAL AGE OF MAJORITY IN THE JURISDICTION IN WHICH 
YOU RESIDE AND YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE LEGALLY PERMITTED TO AGREE TO THIS 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS. THIS AGREEMENT IS LEGALLY BINDING AND CONDITIONS YOUR USE 
OF THE SOFTWARE AND SERVICES. If You do not agree to all the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement, You must discontinue use of the Software and 
Services.


1 Definitions
=============

"Agreement" means the terms and conditions set out in this End User License 
Agreement.
"Application" means a software which is developed to operate on a supported 
device.
"Distribution" means the action of making an application or other information 
available for a broad audience through application stores or any other 
distribution channels.
"Game" is a special kind of an Application executed on a Supported Platform, 
these two can be construed accordingly within this Agreement.
"Publish Build" is a Platform Build for the purpose of Distribution.
"Offered Services" or "Services" mean those services as set out in this 
Agreement which are offered by FELGO additionally to software deliveries, 
either online or offline distributed.
"Platform Build" means the process of creating an Application for a Supported 
Platform.
"Support" means case-oriented support services ("Support Ticket") provided by 
FELGO in the context of the use of the Felgo SDK or other Offered Services.
"Supported Device" means a relevant device which operates the relevant 
Supported Platform and for which the Felgo SDK is designed to support.
"Supported Platform" means a relevant operating system or other application 
execution environment which Felgo SDK is designed to support for the purposes 
of the development or execution of Applications.
"Test Build" is a Platform Build for the sole purpose of testing a created 
Application locally without distributing it.
"Third Party Software" means certain components of the Licensed Product which 
are provided by a third party under "open source" or similar licenses and which 
are libraries that can be linked to applications developed using Felgo SDK or 
are used in the Felgo SDK itself.
"FELGO" means FELGO GmbH, a company registered in Vienna, Austria. "We" shall 
be construed accordingly.
"Felgo SDK" (or "SDK" in short) is the collection of provided services, 
downloads, documentation, example code, tools, libraries, software, files and 
other materials provided or made available by FELGO for use by You in 
connection with, but not limited to this Agreement.
"You" means Your person as an individual or a legal entity on whose behalf You 
have entered into this legal Agreement. "Your", "Licensee" or "End User" shall 
be construed accordingly.


2 Relationship
==============

You understand and agree that by signing up for Felgo SDK no legal partnership 
or agency relationship is created between You and FELGO. Neither You nor FELGO 
is a partner, an agent or has any authority to bind the other. You also certify 
that You are of the legal age of majority in the jurisdiction in which You 
reside and You represent that You are legally permitted to agree to this terms 
and conditions.
This Agreement is based upon the premise that the software product(s) and 
service(s) supplied by FELGO (Felgo SDK) are not sold but the limited right to 
use it is licensed to the Licensee in accordance with and subject to this 
Agreement.


3 Permitted License Uses and Restrictions
=========================================

FELGO grants You a non-exclusive, non-transferable license without the right so 
sub-license to use the Offered Services and Felgo SDK solely for the purpose of 
developing Games and Applications on and for Supported Platforms. The license 
further permits You to copy the provided downloads for archival or backup 
purposes, provided that all trademark notices remain unchanged.

The provided Services and Felgo SDK may only be used for the intended purpose 
of creating Applications for Supported Platforms. You shall not copy or use the 
Felgo SDK and its Services except as permitted in this Agreement under clause 
3. You will not, and will not permit any third party to sub-license, rent, 
copy, modify, create derivative works of, translate, reverse engineer, 
decompile or disassemble the provided SDK or other services except other 
license terms of included libraries as stated under clause 11 explicitly permit 
You to do so.

You further will not try to exploit the website or any other services or 
content offered by FELGO.
Any attempt to do so is a violation of this Agreement and the rights of FELGO 
and will result in an immediate termination of all License Agreements between 
You and FELGO.

You hereby grant to FELGO the limited right to use Your company name, 
trademarks, service marks and/or logos to identify You as a customer of FELGO 
in its press releases, marketing publications or websites.

FELGO further reserves the right to track app usage statistics of Applications 
built with the Software or Services for both, test and publish builds, in order 
to be able to assert the uses and restrictions of this Agreement.

3.1 Personal License
-------------------------------
Subscriptions to the Software and Services automatically begin on the Personal 
License.

You are not required to enter Your billing information in order to sign up for 
the Free License. You may provide such information at any point when You decide 
to upgrade to a Paid License.

The Personal License allows You to use the offered Software and Services by 
FELGO and allows to upgrade to a paid License. You have access to all Software 
and Services provided by FELGO except for the FELGO plugins. Access to FELGO 
plugins is only allowed in the paid licenses.

In the Personal License, Your application will show a FELGO splash screen at 
application start. It is not allowed to circumvent this splash screen display 
or to circumvent plugin validation checks. In case of a violation of these 
terms, You are required to pay the Enterprise license price retroactively, 
starting with your initial signup date.

The Personal License is restricted to individuals or companies with a maximum 
annual turnover of €50.000.- in the last year. If turnover, which includes 
revenue, fundings and grants, exceeds this turnover limit, You are not allowed 
to use the Personal License but have to choose the license for your turnover 
limit.

If it is your first business year, the total turnover is summed up during the 
year. Once you reach the turnover limit, You need to upgrade your license with 
a matching turnover limit.

FELGO has the right to demand a last year’s profit & loss, which You need to 
send 7 days upon written request. In case no P&L is sent, you are not allowed 
to use FELGO any longer.

In addition, FELGO has the right to charge the months with the correct license 
price retroactively, starting with your initial signup date.

You are not allowed to use FELGO with your personal account when you develop 
for/in a company. The company turnover is used for the turnover calculation in 
this case. The turnover includes the total turnover of a company, not only the 
revenue earned with applications developed with FELGO.

FELGO reserves the right to modify, cancel and/or limit the Free License 
without notice at any time.

3.2 Individual Uses and Restrictions
------------------------------------

The individual uses and restrictions of the and the Subscription License are 
covered in the following clauses:

FELGO offers a range of subscription plans to its Software (each, a "Plan"). 
Each Plan includes a specific set of features and functionality, including 
parts of the Software, Services and Support. A detailed explanation of the 
different offered Plans ist listed at the "FELGO Pricing" page 
(https://felgo.com/pricing/).

A. Services
After accepting this Agreement FELGO provides certain services and content on 
the FELGO website, including documentation, example code, community forums and 
SDK downloads/updates. These services are solely for Your own use and  usage is 
bound to Your registered account.

B. Felgo SDK (Software)
You may install and use multiple copies of the SDK provided by FELGO at a time, 
on condition that all copies are solely used by You.
The Personal License permits You to create platform builds for platforms 
Android, iOS, Windows Phone 8, Windows RT, Windows Desktop, Mac OS X Desktop 
and Linux Desktop using local build facilities (if applicable) or any other 
provided build services for the purpose of development and distribution. A 
Subscription License additionally permits You to build and publish platform 
builds for the purpose of Distribution, except licenses which explicitly state 
the opposite.
Subscription Licensees also may get access to Felgo SDK updates and early 
access to Felgo SDK preview versions ("Daily Builds").

C. Support
Under this Agreement FELGO is under no obligation to support the Felgo SDK and 
Services in any way or to provide upgrades to You. Support may be used in terms 
of the provided community forums or in terms of additionally purchasable 
support packages not covered under this Agreement.
Subscription Licenses include Support Tickets in the amount as stated on the 
FELGO pricing overview page. Unused Support Tickets from previous subscription 
periods expire and become void.

3.3 No Longer Offered Licenses
-------------------------------

No longer offered license may remain unchanged in permitted license uses and 
restrictions in the form of accepting a former version of this document. FELGO 
reserves the right of discontinue previously offered licenses according to this 
license agreement.


4 Term and Termination
======================

The term of the Personal License begins with the successful registration at the 
FELGO website and shall extend for a specific period of time as stated on the 
FELGO pricing overview page.

The term of the Subscription License begins with the receipt of payment of the 
license fee ("Effective Date") and shall extend until the applicable 
anniversary of the original purchase date of the Subscription License 
subscription (either yearly or monthly). The Subscription License will be 
auto-renewed and can be canceled any time within the subscription period. After 
cancellation of the Subscription License the Personal License becomes effective 
again as soon as the Subscription License terminated on the anniversary of the 
Effective Date.

This Agreement shall terminate automatically, without notice, if You fail to 
comply with the terms of this Agreement. Upon the termination of both, the 
Personal License and/or the Subscription License, You must discontinue use of 
Felgo SDK and uninstall and destroy all copies of Felgo SDK You have obtained 
or made.

To view the specific details of Your Plan, including pricing information and 
the end date of Your subscription period, login to Your account on the FELGO 
Website and click the "Subscription" page in the "Developer Area".

You may cancel Your Plan by either canceling the Plan in our "Developer Area" 
or sending an email to info@felgo.com.

For clarity, if You cancel Your plan prior to the conclusion of Your 
subscription period, You will remain responsible for payment for all 
subscription fees through the conclusion of Your subscription period.


5 License Fees and Payment
==========================

The License Fee depends on the relevant Subscription License You have 
purchased. All prices quoted by FELGO are exclusive of VAT, additional taxes 
and duties which FELGO will have to pay or collect in connection with the 
Subscription License will be paid by You.

The License Fee under this Agreement shall become due and payable immediately 
upon purchase for the following licensing period. The License Fee shall further 
be payable in full, without deduction, counterclaim, set-off or withholding 
whatsoever. The fees are non-refundable.

The fees for Your Plan are billed in advance of each billing cycle.
In the event You cancel Your Plan, no refunds or credits will be provided for 
partial or unused months of the Software or Services.

If You upgrade Your Plan level, You will immediately be charged for the 
increased price of the upgraded Plan, pro-rated to reflect the remaining 
duration of Your subscription period, and You will be charged the full amount 
of the then-current rate for the new Plan, as provided at FELGO Pricing, 
beginning with Your next billing cycle.

If You desire to upgrade or downgrade Your Plan level prior to the end of Your 
subscription period, please provide written notice to info@felgo.com. 
Downgrading Your Plan may cause the loss of already provided Software or 
Services according to the Plan description.

Any discounts applied to a previous subscription may not apply to a renewed 
subscription, including to any automatic renewals.

Any questions involving upgrades or downgrades to Your Plan can be directed to 
info@felgo.com.

FELGO does not handle payments directly, but rather refers these payments to a 
secure third-party payment processor which handles all aspects of the payment 
process. Any payment issues or disputes should be resolved directly with the 
payment processor. Once We have been notified by the payment processor that a 
payment has been made, and that the payment has successfully passed a fraud 
review, access will be granted to the product or service being purchased as 
soon as possible, however We make no guarantees of timeliness or immediacy.

At any time the payment has become overdue, FELGO may terminate or temporarily 
suspend the use of the deliveries stated in clause 3 of this Agreement until 
payment of all outstanding amounts has been received.

FELGO may change the fees for the Software and Services at any time or impose 
additional fees or charges.


7 Confidentiality & Nondisclosure
=================================

You agree that any materials and information disclosed by FELGO to You in 
connection with Your License is confidential information. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, confidential information will not include
A information that is generally and legitimately available to the public;
B information that is generally made available to the public by FELGO;
C information that is independently developed by You without the use of FELGO 
related confidential information;
D any Third Party Software and documentation which is provided by FELGO and do 
not impose confidentiality obligations in other licensing terms;
Unless otherwise expressly agreed or permitted You agree not to disclose, 
publish or disseminate any confidential information to anyone other than 
confirmed FELGO Subscription Licensees covered under this Agreement. You 
further agree not to use confidential information for Your own or third party's 
benefit without the prior agree of FELGO.


8 Warranty Disclaimer & Limitation of Liability
===============================================

You understand that all Services provided by FELGO (including Subscription 
License services) are supplied "AS IS" and without any warranty, whether 
expressed or implied, as to their performance, accuracy, completeness, or 
non-infringement. To the extent that FELGO makes available any products or 
information, You understand that FELGO is under no obligation to provide 
updates, enhancements, or corrections, or to notify You of any product changes 
that FELGO may make, or to publicly announce or introduce the products at any 
time in the future.

Under no circumstances shall FELGO be liable for special, indirect, incidental, 
or consequential damages, including without limitation, damages resulting from 
delay of delivery or from loss of profits, data, business or goodwill, on any 
theory of liability, whether arising under tort (including negligence), 
contract or otherwise, whether or not FELGO has been advised or is aware of the 
possibility of such damages. FELGO's entire liability for direct damages under 
this Agreement is limited to the greater of €50 or the amount of Your paid 
License Fees.


9 Amendments
============

FELGO reserves the right to modify this Agreement including any rules and 
policies at any time. You will be responsible for reviewing and becoming 
familiar with any such modifications (including new terms, updates, revisions, 
supplements, modifications, and additional rules, policies, terms and 
conditions) communicated to You by FELGO.


10 Use of FELGO Trademarks
==========================

You agree not to use the marks "FELGO", "Felgo", "FELGO Game Engine", "FELGO 
SDK", "Felgo SDK", the FELGO logo, the Felgo logo or any other marks belonging 
or licensed to FELGO in any way except as expressly authorized in writing by 
FELGO in each instance. You also agree to not modify or delete any proprietary 
marks belonging to FELGO.
Furthermore You shall have no rights in respect of the Intellectual Property 
Rights subsisting in the Felgo SDK or anything else delivered or made available 
to You under or in connection with this Agreement and which are owned by FELGO.


11 Third Party Software Acknowledgments
=======================================

Felgo SDK makes use of various open source components, both in the desktop 
toolset and in derived and deployed games. These open source libraries are 
included or used in Felgo SDK:

Qt is licensed under GNU Lesser General Public License, version 2.1 or a 
commercial license provided by Digia Plc, depending on Your licensing model.

A copy of the LGPL v2.1 is appended to this Agreement and delivered with the 
Felgo SDK.

Felgo SDK is delivered with the help of an installer which is licensed under 
GNU Lesser General Public License, version 2.1. The modified source code can be 
obtained from 
<https://qt.gitorious.org/~vpl/installer-framework/vpl-installer-framework>.

After accepting this Agreement You explicitly agree to not violate any of these 
licenses while building or deploying Your game. The stated licenses may have 
precedence over this Agreement, if You are the opinion that this Agreement does 
not comply with the licenses contact us (see clause 13).


12 Disputes / Governing Law
============================

The formation, existence, construction, performance, validity and all aspects 
of whatsoever of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Austria. 
Therefore in case of disputes the courts of Austria have exclusive jurisdiction 
to settle Dispute and to hear and decide any suit, action or proceedings 
relating to the Dispute.


13 Contact
==========

If You have any questions about this Agreement, please write to info@felgo.com 
or visit <https://felgo.com>.

FELGO GmbH
Kolonitzgasse 9/11-14
A - 1030 Wien

UID ATU67729112
Handelsgericht Wien FN 389276 s


---------------




 Appendix
===========


LGPL v2.1
---------

GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

  0. This License Agreement applies to any software library or other
program which contains a notice placed by the copyright holder or
other authorized party saying it may be distributed under the terms of
this Lesser General Public License (also called "this License").
Each licensee is addressed as "You".

  A "library" means a collection of software functions and/or data
prepared so as to be conveniently linked with application programs
(which use some of those functions and data) to form executables.

  The "Library", below, refers to any such software library or work
which has been distributed under these terms.  A "work based on the
Library" means either the Library or any derivative work under
copyright law: that is to say, a work containing the Library or a
portion of it, either verbatim or with modifications and/or translated
straightforwardly into another language.  (Hereinafter, translation is
included without limitation in the term "modification".)

  "Source code" for a work means the preferred form of the work for
making modifications to it.  For a library, complete source code means
all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any associated
interface definition files, plus the scripts used to control compilation
and installation of the library.

  Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not
covered by this License; they are outside its scope.  The act of
running a program using the Library is not restricted, and output from
such a program is covered only if its contents constitute a work based
on the Library (independent of the use of the Library in a tool for
writing it).  Whether that is true depends on what the Library does
and what the program that uses the Library does.

  1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Library's
complete source code as You receive it, in any medium, provided that
You conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an
appropriate copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact
all the notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any
warranty; and distribute a copy of this License along with the
Library.

  You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy,
and You may at Your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a
fee.


  2. You may modify Your copy or copies of the Library or any portion
of it, thus forming a work based on the Library, and copy and
distribute such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1
above, provided that You also meet all of these conditions:

    a) The modified work must itself be a software library.

    b) You must cause the files modified to carry prominent notices
    stating that You changed the files and the date of any change.

    c) You must cause the whole of the work to be licensed at no
    charge to all third parties under the terms of this License.

    d) If a facility in the modified Library refers to a function or a
    table of data to be supplied by an application program that uses
    the facility, other than as an argument passed when the facility
    is invoked, then You must make a good faith effort to ensure that,
    in the event an application does not supply such function or
    table, the facility still operates, and performs whatever part of
    its purpose remains meaningful.

    (For example, a function in a library to compute square roots has
    a purpose that is entirely well-defined independent of the
    application.  Therefore, Subsection 2d requires that any
    application-supplied function or table used by this function must
    be optional: if the application does not supply it, the square
    root function must still compute square roots.)

These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole.  If
identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Library,
and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in
themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those
sections when You distribute them as separate works.  But when You
distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based
on the Library, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of
this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the
entire whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote
it.

Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest
Your rights to work written entirely by You; rather, the intent is to
exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or
collective works based on the Library.

In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Library
with the Library (or with a work based on the Library) on a volume of
a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under
the scope of this License.

  3. You may opt to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU General Public
License instead of this License to a given copy of the Library.  To do
this, You must alter all the notices that refer to this License, so
that they refer to the ordinary GNU General Public License, version 2,
instead of to this License.  (If a newer version than version 2 of the
ordinary GNU General Public License has appeared, then You can specify
that version instead if You wish.)  Do not make any other change in
these notices.


  Once this change is made in a given copy, it is irreversible for
that copy, so the ordinary GNU General Public License applies to all
subsequent copies and derivative works made from that copy.

  This option is useful when You wish to copy part of the code of
the Library into a program that is not a library.

  4. You may copy and distribute the Library (or a portion or
derivative of it, under Section 2) in object code or executable form
under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above provided that You accompany
it with the complete corresponding machine-readable source code, which
must be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a
medium customarily used for software interchange.

  If distribution of object code is made by offering access to copy
from a designated place, then offering equivalent access to copy the
source code from the same place satisfies the requirement to
distribute the source code, even though third parties are not
compelled to copy the source along with the object code.

  5. A program that contains no derivative of any portion of the
Library, but is designed to work with the Library by being compiled or
linked with it, is called a "work that uses the Library".  Such a
work, in isolation, is not a derivative work of the Library, and
therefore falls outside the scope of this License.

  However, linking a "work that uses the Library" with the Library
creates an executable that is a derivative of the Library (because it
contains portions of the Library), rather than a "work that uses the
library".  The executable is therefore covered by this License.
Section 6 states terms for distribution of such executables.

  When a "work that uses the Library" uses material from a header file
that is part of the Library, the object code for the work may be a
derivative work of the Library even though the source code is not.
Whether this is true is especially significant if the work can be
linked without the Library, or if the work is itself a library.  The
threshold for this to be true is not precisely defined by law.

  If such an object file uses only numerical parameters, data
structure laYouts and accessors, and small macros and small inline
functions (ten lines or less in length), then the use of the object
file is unrestricted, regardless of whether it is legally a derivative
work.  (Executables containing this object code plus portions of the
Library will still fall under Section 6.)

  Otherwise, if the work is a derivative of the Library, You may
distribute the object code for the work under the terms of Section 6.
Any executables containing that work also fall under Section 6,
whether or not they are linked directly with the Library itself.


  6. As an exception to the Sections above, You may also combine or
link a "work that uses the Library" with the Library to produce a
work containing portions of the Library, and distribute that work
under terms of Your choice, provided that the terms permit
modification of the work for the customer's own use and reverse
engineering for debugging such modifications.

  You must give prominent notice with each copy of the work that the
Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are covered by
this License.  You must supply a copy of this License.  If the work
during execution displays copyright notices, You must include the
copyright notice for the Library among them, as well as a reference
directing the user to the copy of this License.  Also, You must do one
of these things:

    a) Accompany the work with the complete corresponding
    machine-readable source code for the Library including whatever
    changes were used in the work (which must be distributed under
    Sections 1 and 2 above); and, if the work is an executable linked
    with the Library, with the complete machine-readable "work that
    uses the Library", as object code and/or source code, so that the
    user can modify the Library and then relink to produce a modified
    executable containing the modified Library.  (It is understood
    that the user who changes the contents of definitions files in the
    Library will not necessarily be able to recompile the application
    to use the modified definitions.)

    b) Use a suitable shared library mechanism for linking with the
    Library.  A suitable mechanism is one that (1) uses at run time a
    copy of the library already present on the user's computer system,
    rather than copying library functions into the executable, and (2)
    will operate properly with a modified version of the library, if
    the user installs one, as long as the modified version is
    interface-compatible with the version that the work was made with.

    c) Accompany the work with a written offer, valid for at
    least three years, to give the same user the materials
    specified in Subsection 6a, above, for a charge no more
    than the cost of performing this distribution.

    d) If distribution of the work is made by offering access to copy
    from a designated place, offer equivalent access to copy the above
    specified materials from the same place.

    e) Verify that the user has already received a copy of these
    materials or that You have already sent this user a copy.

  For an executable, the required form of the "work that uses the
Library" must include any data and utility programs needed for
reproducing the executable from it.  However, as a special exception,
the materials to be distributed need not include anything that is
normally distributed (in either source or binary form) with the major
components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the operating system on
which the executable runs, unless that component itself accompanies
the executable.

  It may happen that this requirement contradicts the license
restrictions of other proprietary libraries that do not normally
accompany the operating system.  Such a contradiction means You cannot
use both them and the Library together in an executable that You
distribute.


  7. You may place library facilities that are a work based on the
Library side-by-side in a single library together with other library
facilities not covered by this License, and distribute such a combined
library, provided that the separate distribution of the work based on
the Library and of the other library facilities is otherwise
permitted, and provided that You do these two things:

    a) Accompany the combined library with a copy of the same work
    based on the Library, uncombined with any other library
    facilities.  This must be distributed under the terms of the
    Sections above.

    b) Give prominent notice with the combined library of the fact
    that part of it is a work based on the Library, and explaining
    where to find the accompanying uncombined form of the same work.

  8. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or distribute
the Library except as expressly provided under this License.  Any
attempt otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or
distribute the Library is void, and will automatically terminate Your
rights under this License.  However, parties who have received copies,
or rights, from You under this License will not have their licenses
terminated so long as such parties remain in full compliance.

  9. You are not required to accept this License, since You have not
signed it.  However, nothing else grants You permission to modify or
distribute the Library or its derivative works.  These actions are
prohibited by law if You do not accept this License.  Therefore, by
modifying or distributing the Library (or any work based on the
Library), You indicate Your acceptance of this License to do so, and
all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying
the Library or works based on it.

  10. Each time You redistribute the Library (or any work based on the
Library), the recipient automatically receives a license from the
original licensor to copy, distribute, link with or modify the Library
subject to these terms and conditions.  You may not impose any further
restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein.
You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties with
this License.


  11. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent
infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues),
conditions are imposed on You (whether by court order, agreement or
otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not
excuse You from the conditions of this License.  If You cannot
distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously Your obligations under this
License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence You
may not distribute the Library at all.  For example, if a patent
license would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Library by
all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through You, then
the only way You could satisfy both it and this License would be to
refrain entirely from distribution of the Library.

If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under any
particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to apply,
and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other circumstances.

It is not the purpose of this section to induce You to infringe any
patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any
such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the
integrity of the free software distribution system which is
implemented by public license practices.  Many people have made
generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed
through that system in reliance on consistent application of that
system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing
to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot
impose that choice.

This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to
be a consequence of the rest of this License.

  12. If the distribution and/or use of the Library is restricted in
certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the
original copyright holder who places the Library under this License may add
an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding those countries,
so that distribution is permitted only in or among countries not thus
excluded.  In such case, this License incorporates the limitation as if
written in the body of this License.

  13. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new
versions of the Lesser General Public License from time to time.
Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version,
but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.

Each version is given a distinguishing version number.  If the Library
specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and
"any later version", You have the option of following the terms and
conditions either of that version or of any later version published by
the Free Software Foundation.  If the Library does not specify a
license version number, You may choose any version ever published by
the Free Software Foundation.


  14. If You wish to incorporate parts of the Library into other free
programs whose distribution conditions are incompatible with these,
write to the author to ask for permission.  For software which is
copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation, write to the Free
Software Foundation; we sometimes make exceptions for this.  Our
decision will be guided by the two goals of preserving the free status
of all derivatives of our free software and of promoting the sharing
and reuse of software generally.

                            NO WARRANTY

  15. BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO
WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR
OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE
LIBRARY IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME
THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

  16. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN
WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY
AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU
FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE
LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING
RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A
FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF
SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES.
